DOCSP-20912: create material on bulk writes (#74)
mongodb/docs-kafka-connector: source/sink-connector/fundamentals/error-handling-strategies.txt

.. warning:: Ordered Bulk Writes Can Result in Skipped Messages

   If you set your connector to tolerate errors and use ordered bulk writes, you
   may lose data. If you set your connector to tolerate errors and use unordered bulk writes,

>    you lose less data. To learn more about bulk write operations, see

Reviewer: Maybe something like this? Feel free to change the wording.

```suggestion
   the connector will perform all write operations that do not result in an error. To learn more about bulk write operations, see
```

Author: just changed the wording/structure altogether
